If you don't accept it, you won't accept it.
I don't like robbing people
You touch like this
The King of Hell let you down
What is this? Why are you so broken?
Just got caught
Isn't this afraid that you will be outnumbered? Pull it down
Yo, it's going to happen
What's your name?
My name is Qi Le Xing
From now on, you will mess with me
From now on, I will be the first sister of 316
Do you have any comments?
disagree
Who the hell are you?
I'm just an ordinary wage earner
How about you do you want to mix with me
Then can you guarantee that 316 people will not be bullied?
If you want
We will recognize you
I would like to
I, Yan Fang, am willing to follow you today
Okay, what about you?
Yes we would too
We are also willing to
Hey Yanfang
You won't stab me in the back in the future, will you?
I am definitely not the kind of person who stabs in the back
You're kidding, don't ask for it again.
So now the whole campus is flat brick
It's been abandoned for three years
Interesting
It seems that I need to plan my success or failure
he
How did that happen?
I went to fight with Shi Xinhui again
Or the courage of the inspection team
The eldest sister is not
It's a new little bitch
new here
Let me see which one is unpromising
Dare to beat our blood gang